[multitenancy-manager] Doc fix (#7395)
deckhouse/deckhouse: ee/modules/160-multitenancy-manager/docs/USAGE.md

   kubectl get projects my-project
   ```

>    A successfully created project should be in the `Sync` state. If the state equals to `Error`, add the `-o yaml` suffix to the command to get more detailed information about the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A successfully created project should be in the `Sync` state. If the status `Error` is displayed, add the `-o yaml` argument to the `kubectl get projects my-project` command (in the form of `kubectl get projects my-project -o yaml`) to get more detailed information about the cause of the error.
```

>    > It is necessary to change not only the template, but also the scheme of input parameters for it.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   > It is necessary to change not only the template, but also the scheme of input parameters for it.
   >
```
